Add info about /debug endpoint (#6590)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4/index.md

The Google Analytics 4 [debug mode](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7201382?hl=en){:target="_blank"} only works with a client-side implementation through gtag.js, Google Tag Manager, or Firebase. Because Segment's Google Analytics 4 Cloud integration is server-side and uses the Measurement Protocol API, debug mode is not supported.

> Though a server-side implementation you can instead use Google's `/debug` endpoint which is documented [here]([url](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/protocol/ga4/validating-events?client_type=gtag#:~:text=Protocol%20Validation%20Server-,/debug/mp/collect,-All%20other%20request)). To do this, simply run a test with the event you're concerned with through the [Event Tester]([url](https://segment.com/docs/connections/test-connections/)). From there, copy the `Request from Segment` you see there which is the payload that Segment attempts to send to Google. Once you have that you can use a tool like Postman to send that payload to Google's `/debug` endpoint. Doing so usually gives good feedback around what may be wrong with the payload in terms of Google's requirements. 

Reviewer: Hi @spencerattick - generally if a procedure is more than two items, or involves going between one or more sites, we like to break it out into an ordered list to make it easier for the customer to follow!

If this all looks good to you docs is ready to 🚀 this!

```suggestion
However, you can use Google's `/debug` endpoint to test your events against Google's Measurement Protocol Validation Server. For more information, see Google's [Validate events](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/protocol/ga4/validating-events?client_type=gtag#:~:text=Protocol%20Validation%20Server-,/debug/mp/collect,-All%20other%20request){:target="_blank”} documentation. 

To validate your events:

1. Run a test through Segment's [Event Tester](/docs/connections/test-connections/) with the event you're concerned about. 
2. Copy the `Request from Segment` value you see. This is the payload that Segment attempts to send to Google. 3. Use an API testing tool, like Postman, to send that payload to Google's `/debug` endpoint. 
4. Google's `/debug` endpoint returns a [validation code](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/protocol/ga4/validating-events?client_type=gtag#validation_code){:target="_blank”} and a description of the error. 
```
